# Transcript
**Expert:** jason-bay
**Source:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAz7BegV-RE

---

So, there's three types of offers that you can leverage. First one is pitching the blind date. Nick, what I'd like to do is put you in touch with Arman. He's our account executive. He has 10 years of experience working with VPs of operations exactly like you at companies like X, Y, and Z. The second type of offer is these one to many offers. I was giving you a call. I actually submitted a support request and when I compared the response time to your competitors X, Y, and Z, it was about twice as long. You got a minute for me to share a little bit more why I decided to call you specifically. The last is really the holy grail for any enterprise rep and that is a onetoone offer. Any solution that touches something that you can see. If you're selling to brands that sell BTOC, you could experience the brand. So there's a rep at one of my clients that actually went into a Patagonia store. They did a quick analysis of the store experience. They took a selfie of themselves standing in front of the store and that was dropped into the email. If you're selling something really large, very high-end, very enterprise or strategic, like this is a great differentiator to get yourself in the door. Good morning everybody and welcome to this episode of 30 minutes the president's club. My name is Arman Fog and I'm here with my co-host Nick Sagielski. And folks, today we have a very special guest. Not because he hasn't been on our show before. He's been on our show I think at least four times. He hosts a webinar with us every single quarter. But the reason that Jason Bay, the founder of Outbound Squad, is a special guest today is because over the next several weeks, he's actually going to be taking my place as a co-host to Nick on the sales show. And the reason for that is he is going to be launching what you will probably see is the greatest cold email course of all time in partnership with 30 minutes to President's Club. So Nick, why should people listen? So, this episode made me rethink my CTA when I'm cold calling and when I'm cold emailing, which dude, we've done over 300 episodes and I've always been like, my CTA is are you open to learning more when I'm not cold calling you out of the blue? And Jason talks about the four different sort of levers or pillars that you have available to you to get your prospect's attention and increase the propensity of them saying, "Yeah, I'm willing to meet with you." He talks about volume, right? Okay, we can just do more activity. He talks about relevance. Okay, if I'm targeted better or my messaging is better, that increases the chance of me getting the meeting. We've got the delivery. If my tone is really good or that my email is really nicely written, it will increase the chance of the meeting. But the lever that I have never really considered is what he calls the offer, which is what do they get by saying yes to a conversation with us that is not directly related to our product. And Jason gives us a number of different frameworks and layers and examples for like the offer of why someone might meet with you unrelated to the prospect. And I think this is going to be the future of like how we actually start conversations with our prospects, especially as AI becomes like bigger and bigger and bigger in the prospecting space. So, this one will probably make you rethink your prospecting if you give it a listen. And a 3 2 1, let's roll. All right, Jason, welcome back to the show. You might remember that we start every single episode with your top three actionable takeaways. So, let's get yours. So, these actionable takeaways are all about the offer. So, 58% of buyers when pulled reported that they waste the majority of their time on meetings with salespeople. Surprise, surprise. Right? So, the offer essentially what we want to think about is your buyer's already been burned before. They already know what a 15-minute meeting usually turns into a 30-minute meeting. So, how can I make a better promise in terms of value and return for time? Uh, so there's three types of offers that you can leverage. First one is pitching the blind date. This is the easiest one. If I was going to set up my friend Armont on a blind date, I would make sure to talk about how good-looking he is and how charming he is and all of this other stuff. I'd really hype him up, right? It's a great offer. Great offer. I thought we're not supposed to lie to our prospects. Yeah. But the thing in sales is like we just don't do this in sales. I worked with a client that sold an automated welding solution and the SDRs would set up meetings for their AEES who had like over a decade of experience working with like VPs of manufacturing in these manufacturing plants. So like that's what we taught them to pitch and literally they would book like twice as many meetings by weaving that into the cold call pitch. And it sounded something like this. Nick, uh what I'd like to do is put you in touch with Armand. He's our account executive. He has 10 years of experience working with VPs of operations exactly like you at companies like X Y and Z. You're going to learn a lot about what's going on in the welding industry right now. So worst case scenario, pitch the blind date. If you're an SDR, pitch the AE. If you have sees join that first call, pitch that person's expertise. Let them know who they're going to be meeting with and how much of a resource they're going to be. That one's the easiest. Right. So Arman, a takeaway for you is next time you go on a date, bring along someone who might be able to help you. like maybe I can come and be your on your next sales engineer Nick on my next date. Got it. All right, Jason. What's number two? The the second type of offer is these one to many offers. A one to many offer is a really really high quality resource. Think about the stuff that you get from 30 MPC. All of the guides on the website, stuff that's extremely tactical, but that could be repurposed across one to many. So an example of this, I had a client that sold to ecom businesses and their marketing team put together like a state of ecom. Later, what they actually did that was pretty cool was they hired a third party to mystery shop all these businesses. So, they knew like response time, hours of operation, channels, they provided customer support. And that talk track sounded something like this. Hey, Arand, it's Jason with so- and so company. I was giving you a call. I actually submitted a support request and when I compared the response time to your competitors X, Y, and Z, it was about twice as long. You got a minute for me to share a little bit more why I decided to call you specifically. And like with that talk track, you're in the door every single time because their next question is usually, "Wait, wait, what did you do?" "Oh, we actually mystery shopped you and X, Y, and Z competitors. Found some interesting things that I wanted to talk to you about. How are you guys thinking about response time and whether or not customers decide to to tab hop to some of your competitors?" Just a super easy talk track. Very nice. Brown us out, Jason. What's number three? The last is really the holy grail for any enterprise rep, and that is a one to one offer. So these are customtailored experiences or resources that you promise to create for the prospect or that you create in advance of reaching out to them. Um I'll give you several examples of this. A lot of our cyber security clients, they'll actually do like a free risk analysis and they'll benchmark their cyber security and their their posture, how they handle things. They'll benchmark that against other competitors. So that's something that you can talk about if you sell any solution that touches something that you can see like a website, their social presence, whatever it might be. You can literally do a cart audit, their shopping experience, you can audit their website. If you sell something that helps with SEO, you can look at that stuff. I've have a client that has a podcast recording software. I mean, there's just so many things that you can do. So personalized audit really helps. If you're selling to brands that sell BTOC, you could experience the brand. So, there's a rep at one of my clients that actually went into a Patagonia store. They did a quick analysis of the store experience. They took a selfie of themselves standing in front of the store and that was dropped into the email. for some of the larger, more strategic reps, uh, hosting workshops with their team and your internal exports, like you're bringing stuff in. Like the whole idea here is that if you're selling something really large, very high-end, very enterprise or strategic, like this is a great differentiator to get yourself in the door. In the prep, you were talking about the offer as one of four potential attentiongrabbing levers that you have, and I'm curious if you could walk us through what those four are, and then we'll dive deep into each of them. So, there's four levers. The first one's volume. This worked really well when volume was a lot lower. When email volume, incoming email volume was lower, incoming call volume, social, uh, LinkedIn especially, when volume was low and you had a lot of intense volume and you could do it in a really structured, productive way. That's what all of these sales engagement platforms really popularize that work so well like 5 to 10 years ago. Where volume still can work is taking a very uncrowded channel like direct mail and doing a lot of it, right? uh in-person stuff, visiting uh folks on site. That's a very uncrowded channel. The second lever is the offer. We've already talked about that one. R is for relevance. So, this is where all of the AI stuff comes into play right now where you're basically saying, if I could be hyper relevant, if I could put something in a message, in a talk track, in a pitch that's like really relevant to your company and you as an individual, like that might really pop. And I think that the relevance factor is going to significantly diminish with AI because it's going to become really really easy for everyone to put a fairly relevant message in front of someone. And then last but not least, this is I know you guys are big on this. It's delivery. You cannot underestimate a rep's ability to when they get someone on the phone just being a good conversationalist or being a great copywriter like your delivery and soft skills, it can make up for a lot. So it's volume, offer, relevance, and delivery. Jason, I have a question. So you talked about the offer and you talked about the three different layers of the offer. The first one is just like hyping up who the buyer will be meeting with. The next layer was pitching one to many offers and then the next one was like a onetoone super tailored personalized offer. What do I do if like my company doesn't have great content? Can I use third-party content or does that like sort of diminish the credibility? What recommendations would you have for that rep, Nick a couple years ago? Totally. This is such a great question and and what you didn't have then that we have now is chat GPT Gemini uh whatever LLM that you want to use. This is literally a prompt away from creating and gathering some of the best insights you could possibly imagine, especially with deep research and chat GBT. So to give you some examples, I cited a stat earlier. 58% of buyers uh according to Ringroup. Ringroup is a sales training company that's a competitor of mine. I don't I've never run across them in a deal, but like citing these stats and resources and things like that, even if it's a competitor, maybe not a direct competitor, like I wouldn't do that for someone I typically go head-to-head with, but it's definitely good for credibility, especially if they have bigger name recognition than you. Um but one of the things I would do in chat GPT like if you sell a contact center uh solution like one of my clients does um have chat GPT do deep research on what are base level standards and guides around like uh first call response response time net promoter scores scores like what are the trends and more importantly like what is the analysis like you can have chat GPT build you a report to benchmark this stuff we're talking one slide you could have chat GPT do that for ecom cyber security is another really big one. I mean, any industry that you can think of, you can leverage AI to gather a lot of these really great insights for you to have a really good conversation with the prospect. Dude, one of the things that I did is I I took transcripts of all of my sales calls, 10 most recent ones that were with our target buyer. I put it into chat GPT and I wanted to figure out like, hey, what are the questions that all of the prospects are asking us? What are their top priorities? How are they getting the job done right now? Like, what have they tried? What are the problem? There's so much language there that I took from actual customer conversations that I could turn around and then say, "Can you help me find insights that support some of the problems that these folks are having? There's just so much that you can do to create your own one slide version of this that you could find in a matter of minutes. It just doesn't take hours to do this stuff anymore." How are you actually delivering like this one to many thing? Are you like just taking the chat GPT output and putting that into like a Google doc or are you working with your marketing team? like what do you actually recommend reps listening to this do if they maybe don't have a marketing team who can support them in this stuff? Yeah. So, if I wanted to operationalize some of this information, I'm going to work it into my cold calls and cold emails. Yeah. And that's going to sound a lot like what I did before. Um, hey, we ran industry benchmarks against XYZ competitors or in our months scenario, Pave has talked to 300 XYZ's in the last 12 months. I'd love to share patterns that we're hearing around point number one, point number two, point number three. That's in an in an email. That's the reason that you're asking for the meeting over the cold call, etc. In terms of how that gets operationalized in the sales call, it's so easy to weave that right into your discovery. Like you want to find stuff that supports the problems that you help with. So, if we're using the comp stuff, like how am I comping people? It's like, hey, here's a big question around how should I be comping people based on XYZ? Here's how our customers think about this. And more importantly, like how are you doing that right now? You should know why it's really hard to do things the way that they're doing it right now and why it's not right. That's the ultimate offer is one that gives you insights that actually helps you do the discovery. So, let's say that I have some sort of offer. We know what it sounds like in the prospecting messaging. You get on to an initial discovery call or like an offer presentation call. How do you go from giving them the offer that you promised and then transitioning to discovery? Let's use the welder offer at the very beginning. If we start back from that, it's the SDR pitching. Basically, hey, you're going to hop on a call with Nick. He's got a decade plus of experience. He's going to run you through how other manufacturers are dealing with the welding shortage right now. And the other thing that he's going to show you is how they're automating some of those really large, traditionally hard to automate parts. That's the pitch. I get on the meeting. Let's pretend I'm the account executive. I'll just like roleplay style this. So, if I was setting the agenda, it'd be like, "Nick, it's good to meet you. I heard you had a great conversation with Hermon." uh one of the things he probably promised is that we're going to talk a little bit about how similar customers like X Y and Z are one dealing with the labor shortage around welding and then also how they're thinking about automating some of those really complex parts. I figured for today I'd start with that for a couple minutes. I think there'd be some really good conversational starters and then if you're open to it I would I would love as much as you're willing to share I have some questions on how you're thinking about approaching this and if there's a fit I'll talk a little bit more about how we might be able to help and what next steps would look like. Does that sound cool for you today? Anything else you want to make sure we talk about? What's going on, folks? There are literally only two things that you need to nail as a salesperson if you want to make it to President's Club. The first is your ability to fill your calendar up with meetings and create new pipeline, aka prospecting. The other thing you have to nail is your ability to drive those deals to close. And since you've made it this far in the video, I've got a gift to help you do both of those things. If you use the code YouTube at 30mppc.com/courses, you'll actually get $50 off our two best courses to help you nail both the creation of Pipeline and the closing of Pipeline. The first course is called Cold Calls to President's Club. And in that course, we teach you what to do, what to say, and how to sound in every single part of a cold call. From your call opener to how you pitch to how you overcome objections to voicemails and gatekeepers and more. The second course is our discovery course which is focused on how to sell in a way that doesn't feel like selling. And in that course, we teach you how to uncover massive six and seven figure business problems that companies actually want to pay to solve. And we'll teach you the way to structure your calls. We'll teach you the questions to ask. We'll teach you how to get to the decision maker and drive timeline and make discovery something that you know how to do effortlessly. And again, if you go to 30mppc.com/courses or go to the link below and use that code YouTube, you'll get $50 off any of the courses. I will see you at President's Club. No, that that sounds good. Yeah, I'm really curious to hear about some of those insights cuz that's been something we've been dealing with. First slide would be stat. It's a basically a graph that shows the demand for labor of welders is going up and the talent is going down. Hey, how does this compare to what you guys are seeing? I'm really curious like what we're hearing from folks like X Y andZ is that they put job ads up, no one's responding to it, they're working through recruiting forms, nothing's working. What are you guys trying to do to recruit welders right now? And I'm just going to go through that whole line. Like there's a bunch of problems. It's like I'm building up that problem of like talent is not going to fix your problem. So, what it sounds like you're doing is the opening question or element of the meeting is you're leading with a piece of data that supports the problem that you believe they have that you know that your product can solve. And then what you're doing is you're asking how does this problem backed by data compare to your experience. Sorry to interrupt you. It's really I think an important piece of context is like it displaces the problem. Like it makes it less personal. It's like I'm telling you that this is a problem that is pervasive across people like you and people in your industry and I have third party data to back it. But then what you're doing is you're if I think about like the some of the common like selling nomenclature you're getting detail about their situation or their current state by asking all right like how are you dealing with this? Does this match up to your world? Yes or no? Do you have that problem? And then what are you doing right now to actually solve or try to make that go away? And what I think that opens the door for Jason is for you to figure out the gaps, the holes that they have and how they're trying to solve that problem which should open the door for you to sell your product if I'm not mistaken. Exactly. Let me give you another example just so people because people are listening to this are selling a lot of different stuff. Let's use the contact center. So this client sells something that helps reduce cost to serve. Cost to serve is important because contact centers ironically don't want people to call in. They want AI to handle stuff and chat bots and that sort of stuff. So one of the stats that we might lead with with that is only 16% of customers actually fill out customer surveys. And the reason Nick I thought it would be interesting to start here is that we find that the vocal minority if we build a process around them these are not the people that are most useful to get information from. Like we need a way to extract that information from the other 84% of people. And I'm curious, how are you thinking about getting all the feedback from the people that never ever share feedback with you? How are you collecting data across the calls with them, the text messages with them, the DMs, their behavior on the website? How are you capturing that information? Yeah, I mean, this is making me think, tell me if I get this right, Jason. So I used to sell a billing solution to law firms and a big trend that was happening in that industry was the clients of these law firms were requiring bills to be sent in like this very new format where basically the clients were using AI to like analyze the bill to like if the law firm used a word they weren't supposed to like research or prepare the client would say oh we don't pay for research you should know your stuff and so these law firms had to be very specific and careful about like what they did and didn't put on their bills. And the new format was called e billilling. Really interesting. I know what I probably would lead with there would be like a stat of the I know there was data out there of the percentage of law firms that were seeing an increase in volume or maybe the volume increase of ebilling in the space to show there's a trend of more of this and I would talk about okay yeah like every law firm I talk to tells me this impacts their margin their time to collect etc. I guess I'm curious, how are you thinking about navigating that back and forth billing process? Making sure your attorneys are accurate in their descriptions of bills, etc. Cuz those are the problems that I know they're dealing with. And that I think would open the door for a discussion of problems that they have that we can solve. But am I thinking about that the right way, Jason? Totally. Data is really good. Don't get me wrong. You can't find data for everything. But if we were using the uh contact center analogy again, I instead of saying only 16% leave reviews, what I would do if I was leading that sales call and there was like three or four people on there be like, "Hey, who here has filled out one of those customer reviews that they ask you to fill out at the end of the customer service phone call?" No one raises their hand. Like your feedback is important, yet you are not collecting feedback from those people. So you can use anecdotes like that too and like analogies to make your point. They have to be really really good though. Like it has to be as convincing as the one that I just used. it's like so obvious that the way you're going about this is wrong. So you could use data, anecdotes, all kinds of things to like make your point at the beginning, but it needs to be based on what their peers are doing. So Jason, these are the one to many offers that are really insight or informationbased. And I remember in the prep you were saying that the onetoone offers are the most powerful ones if you can get them. Yeah. So, a couple of the examples you gave, could I give you a personalized audit of your website? Or I know when you're selling a training client, often times you'll do like an outbound sequence audit to make sure that it's performing the right way. So, if I'm an AE, I might not be the most technical person in the world who's best equipped to do one of these audits. Could you give me an example of a way that an AE has given a onetoone offer, whether that's leveraging their team or something else that is still just as valuable as some of those other offers that you described? Yeah, it's going to depend on what you sell. And what can be really hard is if what what you sell is very technical and it requires an SE, you kind of need the company to have like an offer that they can do. You can think of this in a couple ways. If that's your scenario, you can think about how could I take something that I would normally do later in the sales cycle as a proof of concept and like cut it apart and do like the risk analysis if it's cyber security. I could do that up front, right? Um I think the most basic form of this though is almost every enterprise seller has some sort of business case calculator. Take that business case calculator and take like three to five metrics that you could gather and use that as your audit. So, for example, if I was doing sales training, one of the things that I'll ask for is I'll say, I want these five metrics. I want the total number of reps. I want the total call volume, outbound call volume in a monthly basis, total email volume. I want to know connect rates on cold calls and connect uh to conversion rate into a meeting. That's like literally all I need in order to like benchmark that and compare to everything else that we see. And then to also show them that if we had a 10 to 20 30 40% improvement, here are the massive like pipeline increases that we would get like literally by the millions and tens of millions. What I find in doing this is that people are sharing information upfront that they wouldn't normally ever share in a sales cycle. You know how hard it is for me to get like metrics from sales leaders? Dude, it's so hard. I got be like the RevOps person. I was like, "Dude, just give me some quick and dirty math. That's all I need. I don't need the exact like down to the tenth of a percent. Um, so that's where I've seen it, you know, be successful is like if we can talk if you're selling a marketing solution like let's just take some of the metrics that you would take from a business case standpoint around lead conversion, total number of leads, cost of acquisition, whatever it is that you're selling. Like let's just get some of those baseline metrics up front and offer to benchmark that against their competitors. What's the thing that keeps the person up at night or that piqus the interest? turn that into an analysis or an audit and use that to also uncover a problem for them. Yeah. And lead with it up front. It's like imagine like I go into these first calls and I already know where the gap is based on the metrics that they've shared and I also know how big the gap is. Like it's already been quantified and I'm they're doing that because they they perceive benefit for themselves in learning how they stack up and like it allows me to be more prescriptive with the advice that I give. This is where we can think more like marketers. Think about it. Do you guys give your name and email address and phone number without getting something in return for it? I put Arman's in when I'm like the answer is no. Like no one just goes up and like they sign up for a newsletter. They're going to get something in return. They they they download a guide. Like so why are we asking people to hop on a meeting with us when we do outbound without giving them anything in return for that? This is why the conversion rate is like 1% 2% 3% like yeah you're going to capture people that have active pain that want to fix it. But there's other people I'm telling everyone that's listening it's like dude there's another 20 30% of people that have the problem that like if you help them quantify it and you positioned yourself as an expert like think about that sales cycle. Just imagine you're a rep. you're in a sales cycle that started with you giving like an audit and like really great strategic guidance and benchmarking for them versus the person that's just pitching their solution that's just another vendor. Like you move into this like expert category where pe where they're going to ask you for your take on stuff versus asking you to ask your boss to reduce the contract value by 10%. Jason, there's one other kind of oneto-one offer that I want to dig into. You talked about free data, which we got into, but free licenses or pilots, and this is aka the test drive. Oftentimes, what will happen is you'll get these runaway trials where it's like, "Hey, do you want to give this thing a spin?" And you'll get a bunch of people who are like sort of tire kicking and they just want to like play around with the product. So if I'm using an early trial or an early PC as a mechanism to start a sales cycle, how do I convert that into a real sales cycle? You have to have real give to gets. So for example, like with our offer when I'm basically doing a 30inut audit for free. I'm giving them free course access to our best like cold calling and objection handling courses. I'm giving them an outbound with AI prompt guide book. Like I'm giving them a lot of But I don't just take meetings with everyone. It's like you have to be a sales leader. You have to have a certain amount of reps. Like we're going to research the logo. Like I'm setting the expectation that hey, if you like what you hear, we're going to spend the last 5 10 minutes talking about our programs and they cost 49,500 is the starting point. Like I'm setting that expectation. If you're doing a proof of concept or a pilot, it's like, hey, we're not going to do this unless we create success criteria for this and we have the right people involved with this. I know this sounds like common sense probably for people that listen. There's so many companies that engage in pilots with zero success criteria. There are companies that engage in pilots with people that have no decision-making power and the decision makers have no idea that a pilot is even happening. Like that should be a really easy gift to get. I was watching the call recording of we hired a rep here at 30 Minutes to President's Club to help sell some of our sponsorships and I was watch one of his calls yesterday and I was so proud of him because he was talking to somebody who was like a director and we knew we needed the VP to like actually like thumbs up the deal and it was an early early call. it was like first or second meeting and at the end he was like you know they were talking about the VP of marketing and he was like by the way like are they aware that this conversation is happening and I was just like I just I really loved that because like he got to sense check like is this deal real or not or was this person just like kicking around and they were like yeah they are but like it was just a couple slack messages and he was able to turn that into the reason to help coach that person for how to go sell to the VP and I feel like sometimes when you ask that like it feels weird but opens the door. We just assume that like when somebody is talking to us that means the whole org knows and that just isn't the case. Jason, the clock is ticking. We're running out of time. We got to move for the last question which is we've talked about a lot of really good things sales people should be doing. Now we got to ask you about a shouldn't. And so the last question is what is one bad habit that you see a lot of sales people exhibiting that you think they need to break because it hurts them more than it helps? Oh man, this is something I've been seeing so much. I think people sort of get from a sales context that you should not leave a call without a next step on the calendar. You should not do that in a cold call either. The hardest part of cold calling is getting the person to freaking pick up the phone. Do not get off that call without a calendar next step. So even if that's the person I'm in a meeting, hey, totally fair. The reason I was calling you is XYZ. Should we catch up later today at 2 p.m. or do you got a couple minutes right now? Catch up later. Take. Awesome. I'm going to send you a calendar invite, Nick, for 5 minutes later today so that we can catch up on it. Uh, if the person says, "Send me an email." I'm going to handle that objection. Do that thing. Try to ask for the meeting. If they don't want to take the meeting, hey, Nick, all good. How about this? I'll send you a calendar invite for 5 minutes, same time tomorrow. Take a look at that email. If you don't like what you see, decline the calendar invite. And if you do, let's keep the time. Do not leave that cold call without a next step on the calendar. You can always move it. like the chances of you getting in contact with that person go up exponentially. So do not accept give me a call this afternoon. Jason, thank you for joining us. Everybody stick around for a 60-second recap coming up soon. All right and Nick, it's time for a 2 by two recap from this episode with Jason Bay. What do you have for your two? So my first one is the three different types of offers that you can give. The first one is just pitching the blind date. Hyping up the person that your prospect will be meeting with. Whether that is your SE or an AE who has a ton of industry experience. Find a way to sell the value or the reason of like the person they're meeting with is worth their time. You've also got the next layer of one to many offers. So what are things that you can share that are highquality reusable assets that have competitive benchmarks or other data that they might get value from? And then the third layer is the onetoone offers like a a workshop with their team and your internal experts or an analysis of their website to help them understand heat mapping and where they might optimize for click-through. So that's my first one, the three different layers of your offer. My second one is if you choose to use that one to many offer, which I feel like for the sales I've I've led in the past, Arman is probably the most accessible. When you kick off your meeting, you obviously have to make good on that offer. And Jason shared a really simple way to actually make good on that, which is piece one, you're going to lead with a visual that shows the data supporting the problem that you solve. So he gave the example of the welder uh automation tool that shows, hey, demand is going up, but supply for talent is going down. And then you just ask the prospect, how does this match to your experience, and how are you solving this? How are you dealing with this? And that opens the door to ask about problems. Number three, my favorite one-to-one offer is the audit offer where you basically audit the biggest problem that you solve. So, a couple of examples that Jason gave in the show. Number one, we talked about his cold email analysis or his cold outbound sequence audit where he will literally just tell people what's wrong with their outbound process today. He talked about other metrics audits, whether it's something where you're tearing down all the things that are going wrong in their outbound funnel or maybe something that's going wrong in your like website clickfunnel. At Pave, we talked about making sure that your compensation is like up to par relative to the market. So those are like three or four offers. Figure out what your audit or analysis offer is relative to the problem you solve. And lastly, number four, if you decide to give the onetoone offer of pilots or free product, you have to have a give. And the easiest give get is number one make sure that someone at power is involved and then number two make sure that they're at least aware of what this thing costs on the back end. Art Nick, how could people help us out? Well, Armand, we were talking about offers all episode. And folks, if you liked this episode, we've got an offer for you, which if you didn't know, Jason Bay is going to be releasing a cold email prospecting course in collaboration with 30 Minutes to President's Club. And our offer to you is if you'd like a free module of that course. You can go check it out. There's a link in the show notes. I don't know what our get and return is for this one is Arman, but go check it out. Maybe it will inspire you to buy the thing. That could be our get. Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week on the show. [Applause] Heat. Heat.